## 2.8 Assumptions and Dependencies

### 2.8.1 - Assumptions

#### 2.8.1.1 Assumption 1

An assumption made is that the devices that access the application will have the requisite hardware resources to properly access the content.

#### 2.8.1.2 Assumption 2

The student calendar requirements highlight optional features that are not critical to the function of the application. They consist of various improvements to usability and convenience and may or may not be added after the development of the core features based on the discretion of the stakeholders.

#### 2.8.1.3 Assumption 3

Concerning the security of the application API, it is assumed that the necessary identification and authentication is in place for users who wish to access the API.

#### 2.8.1.4 Assumption 4

In order for the calendar application to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act any device using the speech recognition and speech to text features of the application are assumed to have the hardware and software capabilities to do so.

#### 2.8.1.5 Assumption 5

It is assumed that the messaging feature, including text messages, will incorporate PHP's mail function and a list of mobile carrier's email servers to function.

#### 2.8.1.6 Assumption 6

It is assumed that the calendar application will adhere to FERPA law in the same manner that I-Learn does for the protection and privacy of student education records.

#### 2.8.1.7 Assumption 7

For the purpose of setting time zones for the calendar application it is assumed that the application's time zone will use the device's current time zone setting.

#### 2.8.1.8 Assumption 8

There is an assumption that the active student directory will be used simply for look-up and then contacting of students. LDAP is relatively slower with add, delete, and update, but quicker through simple reads or queries.

#### 2.8.1.9 Assumption 9
The Student Calendar App assumes the student is a student at Brigham Young University - Idaho who uses I-Learn 3.0.

#### 2.8.1.10 Assumption 10
It is assumed that the student is in possession of their Brigham Young University - Idaho username and password in order to gain access to the application.

#### 2.8.1.11 Assumption 11
It is assumed that the student is using the application on a device that supports color in order to view certain features.

### 2.8.2 - Dependencies

#### 2.8.2.1 Dependency 1

Some of the application's features are dependent on hardware components that are more commonly found in mobile handsets. For example, the video calling integration would depend on a physical camera and the travel-time indicator will benefit from the inclusion of a GPS antenna.

#### 2.8.2.2 Dependency 2

Several features in this document will depend wholly on the existence and maintenance of various APIs.  

#### 2.8.2.3 Dependency 3

The application will depend on mobile devices which will include the necessary mobile internet browsers (i.e. Chrome, Safari) to accommodate the mobile form factor of the application in those environments.

#### 2.8.2.4 Dependency 4

The incorporation and usability of the calendar application API depends on runnable code contained within documentation to help and encourage developers to add functionality and interactivity.

#### 2.8.2.5 Dependency 5

Successful syncing of the application with BYU-Idaho's I-Learn is dependent on a user's ability to login as a currently admitted student and the condition of the user's current enrollment in the classes they wish to sync.

#### 2.8.2.6 Dependency 6

Uploading of images will depend on the functionality of Google's Cloud Vision API to detect inappropriate content. Requests to bypass this filtering must be resolved with a site administrator.

#### 2.8.2.7 Dependency 7

Push notifications will rely on Google Cloud Messaging for Chrome and Android users.  They will rely on Apple Push Notification service for macOS and iOS devices.

#### 2.8.2.8 Dependency 8

The Student Calendar Application requires the student be an active enrolled student at Brigham Young University - Idaho.

#### 2.8.2.9 Dependency 9

The Student Calendar Application replies upon the Facebook, Google Plus, and Twitter services for sharing students calendar information.

