

3.2.1 Calendar Application is Mobile
Use Case Name     Calendar Application is Mobile

XRef

Trigger			      The User Opens the calendar app on their smart phone.

Precondition 		  The User must have the app installed on their smart phone.

Basic Path		    The User opens the calendar app on their smart phone.

Alternative Paths	None

Postconditions		The calendar app opens.

Exection Paths		The app can be closed at any time.

Other				      None


3.2.2 Calendar Application is Web
Use Case Name     Calendar Application is Web

XRef

Trigger			      The User opens the app on a web browser.

Precondition 		  The User's web browser has the calendar app installed.

Basic Path			  The User opens the app on their web browser.

Alternative Paths	None

Postconditions		The calendar app opens on the Users web browser.

Exection Paths		The User may abandon this task at any time.

Other				      None


3.2.3 Calendar Application API
Use Case Name     Calendar Application API

XRef

Trigger			      The User has written or downloaded a plugin for the app 
                  and will add it to the calendar. 

Precondition		  The User has a compatible plugin for the app. 

Basic Path			  1.The User installs the plugin.
				          2.The User opens the calendar app.

Alternative Paths	none

Postconditions		The plugin makes changes to the app.

Exection Paths		As long as the plugin is not installed the attempt can be 
                  abandoned at any time.

Other				      None


3.2.4 Priority View
Use Case Name     Priority View

XRef

Trigger			      None

Precondition 		  None                       

Basic Path			  None

Alternative Paths	None			

Postconditions		None

Exection Paths		This feature can be turned off in the settings.

Other				The system will order assignments for each day based 
            on the User's grade in that class.


3.2.5 ADA Compliant
Use Case Name       ADA Compliant

XRef

Trigger			        The User enters a combination of buttons or turns on 
                    settings to help them with their disibility.

Precondition 		    ADA Compliant settings are on and the User is 
                    on the main page of the calendar

Basic Path			    None

Alternative Paths  	None

Postconditions		  Depending on the User's selections the app may have 
                    to play audio of the items in the User's calendar or other
                    actions to help the User use the app.

Exection Paths		  These settings can be turned off at any time.

Other				        To be ADA Complient the calendar app will need to have audio descriptions.
                    Any Color significate notifications will have to have text as well.


3.2.6 Export/Import 
Use Case Name       Export/Import

XRef

Trigger			        The User selects to import another calendars items.

Precondition 		    The User has aceess to another calendar  					to import/Export to.

Basic Path			    1. The User selects to import/export 						calendar items to/from the application.
				            2. Once the import/export is complete the 					calendars will update to show the added 					items.
                      
Alternative Paths  	none

Postconditions		  The calendar will update and show new 						activities 

Exection Paths		  If the import/export has not already gone 					through the operator may abandon the 						operation at any time.

Other				None 


3.2.7 Reminders
Use Case Name       Reminders

XRef

Trigger			        The Editor selects to set a reminder on a 					
                    specific day or activity.			

Precondition 		    The Editor has accessed the calendar apps 					
                    main screen.

Basic Path			    1.The system presents a blank form to enter 				
                    the time and text into the reminder.
				            2.The Editor enters the information and 					
                    submits the form.
				            3.The system checks that the time and text 				
                    fields are not blank and sets the reminder 					
                    to the specified time.

Alternative Paths	  If in step 3 no time has been specified the 				editor will be reprompted for an entry.

Postconditions		  The reminder will be added and will go off 					at the specified time.

Exection Paths		  The Editor may abandon this operaton at any 				time.

Other				        The reminder information includes time, 					reason, notification type.
