### 4.2.50 Toolbox Bar

When the app is open the toolbox bar is present in the app. Validation will be successful if the application on opening displays the toolbox bar when. The system will also be tested to verify that the toolbox bar opens correctly while the app is in use. 

#### 4.2.50.1 Search Bar

The tool box bar will have a search bar and it must be able to search for various items in the calendar app.  Testers will test that the search bar is accessible from the toolbox bar.  They will also validate that the bar allows users to search for specific keywords.  An error message will be displayed if the keyword is not found.

#### 4.2.50.2 Timer

The toolbox bar will have a timer button that will display the time the user has left to complete an assignment.  Testers will test that the timer function is actually accessible from the toolbox bar.  An error will be displayed if a user has no assignments due, or if they have not enrolled in any classes. 

#### 4.2.50.3 Assignment Progress Bar

The toolbox bar will have an assignment progress bar that will display the user's assignment progress.  Testers will ensure that this feature is accessible from the toolbox bar.  An error message will be displayed if there is no valid assignments, or if the user is not enrolled in any classes.

#### 4.2.50.4 Suggest Meeting Times

The toolbox bar will have a suggest meeting time button that will display the best times for setting up a group meeting.  Testers will ensure that this feature is accessible from the toolbox bar.  An error message will be displayed if a user tries to use this feature but is not part of a group.

