## 4.4 Verify Performance Requirements

Performance is an important aspect of the application's usability for online students. The ability for the application to handle all active and inactive users interacing with the service is key to its use and adoptability by students. 
See 1.6.5 Performance Requirements Reference

### 4.4.1 Load Testing

BYU-Idaho has about 45k students and faculty. Our plan will be to test for memory leaks, and possible issues with bandwidth, network, and database components as we progressively increase the load on the system. As we perform this test, we will determine how the system behaves with a low, moderate, and large number  of users. Specifically, we will discover the number  of users that can perform tasks simultaneously. These tasks include: loading the application on different web browsers, creating an account, creating a custom calendar, adding and removing tasks, and using the chat and messaging feature. 

### 4.4.2 Stress Testing

For stress testing the calendar app, it will be subjected to numerous and repeated UI tests. Each component of the app will be activated programmatically to check if fast sequential access to different features crashes the app, any delays will also be noted. Connection to the server will also be tested. Simulated connections to the server will test prolonged continuous access by low, medium, and high loads. Sudden spikes in server load will be tested. Any crashes or errors at any point during stress testing will be carefully analyzed, then used to fix errors, and make sure the app remains secure even in the event of overload.

### 4.4.3 Capacity Testing

The goal is to be able to support all 45k of BYU-Idaho's students through this application, while allowing no more than 5 seconds of latency on any given request. We will test capacity by making requests as if we had all 45k students using the app throughout the day. If network requests are taking longer than another server will be added to the load balancer and the tests will be run again until the desired results are demonstrated. This will allow minimized downtime and will help us have a better understanding of the capacity we can support as more users begin to use the application.

