## 4.5 Error Handling

### 4.5.1 Database Facade Class Commit Errors

All commits to the database will be wrapped in a transaction. If any commit to the database fails during a procedure called in the
database facade class, then the entire transaction will be rolled back and an error message will be sent to the U.I. Layer. 

### 4.5.2 Invalid Data Errors

All data entered into the system by the user will be validated to determine if the data type entered matches with expected input
(ex. a student name field should not contain any numbers). If the user attempts to enter invalid data into the system an exception will
be thrown and the user will be notified that the data is invalid.

### 4.5.3 I-Learn Importing Errors

In the event that a user's credentials do not match up to their log in information for I-Learn, an error will be thrown and the user
will be prompted to reenter their credentials or cancel importing their assignments from I-Learn. If any error results in the I-Learn
API as it attempts to import assignment information into the system, the entire import process will be aborted and the user will be notified
that an import error occured.

### 4.5.4 UI Controller Class Errors

All data passing through the UI Controller will be validated before being sent to the UI layer. If the data appears to be corrupted a new request will be sent to the respective controller. If the same problem is retrieved a second time an error will be displayed to the user and sent to the administrative logs. If the information is missing or incomplete an error will be passed to the UI layer which will notify the user of the issue.
